Beyond the basics – bringing innovation to every entryway
Ideally suited for domestic Gates up to 300kg in weight. This is an ideal gate motor for your basic residential requirements.

Experience the smart security you deserve, now within reach. The D3 SMART gate motor embodies the philosophy of simplicity being the pinnacle of sophistication. It combines sleek design and premium performance with intelligent features, making secure and reliable gate automation accessible to everyone.

D3 SMART is packed with advanced – yet intuitive and user-friendly – functionality to make your life easier. Effortlessly control your gate with the MyCentsys Remote smartphone app, receive advanced diagnostic feedback for ultimate peace of mind, and enjoy dependable battery-driven technology that stands up to power outages.

Installer-friendly, feature-rich, and budget-conscious, D3 SMART is the smarter choice for your home.

Here’s why you’ll love the D3 SMART:

Fast and Secure: Open your gate in a flash, keeping unwanted visitors at bay
Smart Control: Manage your gate with maximum convenience and flexibility with the user-friendly smartphone app
Easy Installation: Saving installers time and effort with the industry-leading design
Reliable Performance: Never miss a beat with dependable battery-driven technology
Intelligent Features: Advanced alerts, notifications and reporting keep you informed and in control
Peace of Mind: Enjoy outstanding security with the improved theft-resistant cage
Convenient Commissioning and Operation: Effortless smartphone setup and single-action manual release
Wireless, Effortless Safety: Compatible with Photon SMART Beams for a complete wireless experience
Upgrade your security without breaking a sweat. Choose the D3 SMART gate motor, the smart choice for every home.

This kit includes the following:
1 x Centurion D3 Smart Gate Motor
1 x D3 Smart Base Plate
1 x 12v 7Ah Xprod Battery
1 x Anti-Theft Bracket - Padlock Included 
2 x Centurion 4 Button Remotes
1 x 4m Raz Rack (8 x 500mm)