Use efficient cache lifetimes
A long cache lifetime can speed up repeat visits to your page. Learn more

Layout shift culprits
Layout shifts occur when elements move absent any user interaction. Investigate the causes of layout shifts, such as elements being added, removed, or their fonts changing as the page loads

Improve image delivery
Reducing the download time of images can improve the perceived load time of the page and LCP. Learn more about optimizing image size

LCP request discovery
Optimize LCP by making the LCP image discoverable from the HTML immediately, and avoiding lazy-loading

Network dependency tree
Avoid chaining critical requests by reducing the length of chains, reducing the download size of resources, or deferring the download of unnecessary resources to improve page load

Render blocking requests
Requests are blocking the page's initial render, which may delay LCP. Deferring or inlining can move these network requests out of the critical path

Reduce unused CSS
Reduce unused rules from stylesheets and defer CSS not used for above-the-fold content to decrease bytes consumed by network activity. Learn how to reduce unused CSS

Reduce unused JavaScript
Reduce unused JavaScript and defer loading scripts until they are required to decrease bytes consumed by network activity. Learn how to reduce unused JavaScript

Serve images in next-gen formats
Image formats like WebP and AVIF often provide better compression than PNG or JPEG, which means faster downloads and less data consumption. Learn more about modern image formats

Reduce JavaScript execution time
Consider reducing the time spent parsing, compiling, and executing JS. You may find delivering smaller JS payloads helps with this. Learn how to reduce Javascript execution time

Minimize main-thread work
Consider reducing the time spent parsing, compiling and executing JS. You may find delivering smaller JS payloads helps with this. Learn how to minimize main-thread work

Reduce the impact of third-party code
Third-party code can significantly impact load performance. Limit the number of redundant third-party providers and try to load third-party code after your page has primarily finished loading. Learn how to minimize third-party impact

Largest Contentful Paint element
This is the largest contentful element painted within the viewport. Learn more about the Largest Contentful Paint element

Avoid large layout shifts
These are the largest layout shifts observed on the page. Each table item represents a single layout shift, and shows the element that shifted the most. Below each item are possible root causes that led to the layout shift. Some of these layout shifts may not be included in the CLS metric value due to windowing. Learn how to improve CLS